Light/dark mode docs (#219)
enhance-dev/enhance.dev: app/docs/md/enhance-styles/customization.md

}
```

> #### Light/Dark mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Light/dark mode
```

> By default Enhance Styles ships with light and dark mode enabled. If you want your app to support only light or only dark mode drop this CSS in your [head](/docs/conventions/head) as a global style:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Enhance Styles ships with support for automatic light and dark mode styles. If you want your app to support only light *or* dark mode, drop this CSS in your [head](/docs/conventions/head) as a global style:
```
